when you're assigned a case for
discussion here
some things to keep in mind every case
has a main issue you want to eye
at first main issues can be things like
an evaluation the characters in a case
have to make so here's an example a case
describes a three year old startup the
two business partners need to evaluate
how well they've done versus their
business plan and what the strengths and
weaknesses of the business are once you
know the main issue of a case ask
yourself a simple question what do I
need to know in the case to understand
the main issue on the harvard business
publishing education website you will
find study guides that help you identify
the main issue of a case and prepare you
to discuss it